c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp2.dll
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp2.pdb
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp2.xap
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.g.resources
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.dll
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.pdb
c:\users\skeen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp2.dll
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp2.pdb
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp2.xap
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.g.resources
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.dll
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\PhoneApp2.pdb
C:\Users\Andreas Portable\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eaatracking-code\PhoneApp2\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
